Documentation Fix for Spin hamiltonians module (#6154)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_spin.rst

qml.spin
=========

Overview
--------

> This module contains functions and classes for creating and manipulating spin Hamiltonian operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains functions and classes for creating and manipulating Hamiltonians for the spin models.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Seems that you are missing this here:

`.. currentmodule:: pennylane.spin`

It is probably the reason for having a separate title "pennylane.spin Package"  appearing in the docs.

> qml.fermi

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
qml.spin
```

=========

Overview
--------

This module contains functions and classes for creating and manipulating spin Hamiltonian operators.

> .. currentmodule:: pennylane.spin

Reviewer 2: I suggest following the doc for [qml.debugging](https://docs.pennylane.ai/en/stable/code/qml_debugging.html) and manually define the functions to make sure that the Lattice object does not appear for now:

:html:`<div class="summary-table">`

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    ~pennylane.spin.transverse_ising
    ~pennylane.spin.heisenberg
    ~pennylane.spin.fermi_hubbard

:html:`</div>`
